So let's don't be like that.
I think you on that and I'm going to click it to the compress file once.
I love it.
And I'm going up and piquant in blue jeans and we're on up and the Lucy is lighter.
We're going up and this folder first and then I create two folders see SS Angie is sorry.
That's a good idea to have this organization in your presents.
So we're going to open that.
Yes.
But again I'm one of these.
You have two options there.
Yes.
In the mean if UK version of this yes are they ask if I were going to move these they were up in this
another folder and you have two options.
The CSA is and there are many many fire services version.
Again we're going to move the fight better.
And so they just thought there is going to be a huge You can ignore the other fives.
They are not needed to work with me like that.
So we're going to Lowe's scripts and styles.
So loading these scripts and it does it's really simpler than doing the same in our pristine Rumack
we have a function where we're going to see is like there underscore scripts and then you hook these
in I'm going at add action and Rohit then you get this and that will be on scripts.
Then you pass these function and you're going to have this year sets in javascript files right.
Right.
But first define About find a path to the Greens to the Bruijn.
So for example you cannot define and you can add something like WCAC like there underscore but in the
second parameter is going to be the value.
So you can have something like blue jeans your red and then for example you can echo these value
and up and the website give them that I'm going to reload now you can see that we have they are right
here local cause we're combers all the content in brogans so it compiles right here five to the current
five and reload and you can see that we have something different because we have the right and we have
allocations manage the logs and everything.
This one looks better but you can see that it's adding a bunch of extra information.
In my case I think that a function called the blue in your red green day or your red is better for these.
So you can say these entered old you can see that we have that cauldron for.
So we have this back and we can now know their style sheets and everything.
Be on cue style.
And we're going to call this one I come we're commanding we use that the despite that we have at it.
This is Leider but we are looking at any value and then we see a.
And we're going to be in D.C. assess whether or not these name Jake worry that mistakes like that that
mean that's Jasus you can save these and up in the route and indifferent on it.
And when that right click means pick open the console and check that there are no errors.
Rohit So I mean that this has added correctly.
Next we're going to add though on on you scrape in we're going to explain that Jay is really similar
to these.
We're going to copy these anguish are that is and rice it the fine for these quirky mixes like that
that mean that G is so save this again and reload and you can see the problem that is required is not
the fine it's really come on that for example you create a plugin that requires equerry but also it's
really common that another plug in that is already installed.
I was really on Tuesday.
So you can use an if statement right here.
You can use or be scrip is in your check for the record remember the query is not really are adding
WordPress.
Then you check their state.
For example if it's on Qs you Fiesole radio and you this pallidus it should be there.
You can read on this and just keep this statement in case that is not being.
You cannot though to be on cue.
Scrip and you can on cue.
Jake Querrey so fills your check if another plane or that team radiologic work on.
Q You are Estep these in case are not Napoleon or not him is a has the aquarium gear your own cueist
grip and your boss.
Jake wari So now you come to these and you can see that we get rid of that message.
So in this video we created this path to the core employee and then we added Jake wari B AXS like they
are dangerous clepe and this Jasus fine so brilliant looking nice in the next video.
Let's continue working and we're going to create charcoal to display this information using astronautical.